lab6/Instructions.md, before:

# Lab Test Exam

The purpose of is to simulate a test environment before you actually have to take the exam. This is just a random exam question that I came up with, it has no reference to past, current or future exams. However, it will test the material that you all have learned during the first half of this course.

Remember to follow the design recipe and remember to test your helpers!!

## Question

This question requires you to write code for the classes and interfaces found in MOT.java in this folder. I have provided examples so that you can write tests more quickly but you can always add more examples.

a) Design a method for `IMOT` that determines whether this mode of transportation is more fuel efficient than the given mode of transportation. Name the method `motIsMoreFuelEfficientThan`. Put any assumptions you have made while designing this method at the bottom of your examples class.

b) Desgin a method for `Person` that gives the person's modes of transportation ordered by fuel efficiency. Name this method `motsOrderedByFuelEfficiency`.

Commit message:

adding test exam answer key

lab6/Instructions.md, after:

# Lab Test Exam

The purpose of is to simulate a test environment before you actually have to take the exam. This is just a random exam question that I came up with, it has no reference to past, current or future exams. However, it will test the material that you all have learned during the first half of this course.

The answer key for this test exam is also posted here but please try doing the exam yourself before looking at the answer key. Also the answer key is pretty "quick and dirty" so it doesn't necessarily have all the purpose statements and tests for helper methods that you would likely want to write on the actual exam. If you come up with a better version of the answer key, please feel free to raise a pull request and I'd be happy to update it. Or just send me your version and I can add to the answer key. Anyways, good luck on the exam, remember to follow the design recipe and remember to test your helpers!!

## Question

This question requires you to write code for the classes and interfaces found in MOT.java in this folder. I have provided examples so that you can write tests more quickly but you can always add more examples.

a) Design a method for `IMOT` that determines whether this mode of transportation is more fuel efficient than the given mode of transportation. Name the method `motIsMoreFuelEfficientThan`. Put any assumptions you have made while designing this method at the bottom of your examples class.

b) Desgin a method for `Person` that gives the person's modes of transportation ordered by fuel efficiency. Name this method `motsOrderedByFuelEfficiency`.
